tutorials/README.md, before:

| Application       | Description |
| ----------------- | ----------- |
| dedup | Example showing use of Dedup operator |
| dynamic-partition | Example showing use of StatsListener with dynamic paritioning |
| enricher          | Shows how to enrich streaming data using external source |
| exactly-once      | Shows how to read from Kafka and write to JDBC or HDFS with exactly-once semantics |
| fileIO            | Shows how to implement high-performance file copy using partitioning and the file input and output operators. Also shows the use of a second port to send control information. |
| fileIO-multiDir   | Shows how to use the file input operator to monitor multiple directories by using custom partitioning |
| fileIO-simple     | Simple example to copy data from files in an input directory to rolling files in an output directory |
| fileOutput        | Show how to use partitioning on both the file output operator and the input operator |
| fileToJdbc        | Shows how to read files from HDFS, parse into POJOs and then insert into a table in MySQL.  |
| hdht              | Shows how to use the HDHT operator. |
| hdfs2kafka        | Shows how to read from HDFS and write to a Kafka topic. |
| jdbcIngest        | Shows how to read rows from a table in an SQL database and write them to a file in HDFS |
| jdbcToJdbc        | This application reads from an input table using JDBC, converts input to user defined POJO & then writes those POJOS to another table. |
| kafka             | Shows how to read from Kafka using the new 0.9 input operator and write to HDFS using rolling output files. |
| operatorTutorial  | Simple example of a word-count operator and a unit test for it |
| parser            | Examples showing how to use different parsers and formatters |
| partition         | Shows use of custom partitioning with a stream codec.
| topnwords         | The Top-N words example. |

Commit message:

SPOI-8561 Record reader example app
2. Added entry for recordReader in README

3. Verification for number of records reaching to the output.

4. Using runAsync instead of run(10s)

5. Updated README

6. Incorporating review comments

tutorials/README.md, after:

| Application       | Description |
| ----------------- | ----------- |
| dedup | Example showing use of Dedup operator |
| dynamic-partition | Example showing use of StatsListener with dynamic paritioning |
| enricher          | Shows how to enrich streaming data using external source |
| exactly-once      | Shows how to read from Kafka and write to JDBC or HDFS with exactly-once semantics |
| fileIO            | Shows how to implement high-performance file copy using partitioning and the file input and output operators. Also shows the use of a second port to send control information. |
| fileIO-multiDir   | Shows how to use the file input operator to monitor multiple directories by using custom partitioning |
| fileIO-simple     | Simple example to copy data from files in an input directory to rolling files in an output directory |
| fileOutput        | Show how to use partitioning on both the file output operator and the input operator |
| fileToJdbc        | Shows how to read files from HDFS, parse into POJOs and then insert into a table in MySQL.  |
| hdht              | Shows how to use the HDHT operator. |
| hdfs2kafka        | Shows how to read from HDFS and write to a Kafka topic. |
| jdbcIngest        | Shows how to read rows from a table in an SQL database and write them to a file in HDFS |
| jdbcToJdbc        | This application reads from an input table using JDBC, converts input to user defined POJO & then writes those POJOS to another table. |
| kafka             | Shows how to read from Kafka using the new 0.9 input operator and write to HDFS using rolling output files. |
| operatorTutorial  | Simple example of a word-count operator and a unit test for it |
| parser            | Examples showing how to use different parsers and formatters |
| partition         | Shows use of custom partitioning with a stream codec.
| recordReader      | Shows use of FSRecordReaderModule to read newline delimited records from a file. |
| topnwords         | The Top-N words example. |
